Toll fees have been charged.
♪ Still one thing puzzles me inside ♪
♪ Why can't I live a normal life? ♪
SUMMER OF 2022
♪ No matter how hard I try ♪
♪ To change myself ♪
♪ I know ♪
♪ This much is true ♪
♪ How can I bring peace to my heart? ♪
♪ I think about it ♪
♪ Every day ♪
♪ I don't want to pretend ♪
♪ To be good ♪
JAEPYEONG CONSTRUCTION
♪ Anymore ♪
♪ No longer ♪
♪ I've been through a lot ♪
♪ My whole life ♪
♪ I felt like ♪
♪ There was no more chance ♪
EDEN APARTMENTS
♪ They taught me how to live again ♪
♪ And never fall into despair ♪
♪ I just want to live ♪
♪ A long life ♪
♪ From now on ♪
♪ Till the end of ♪
♪ From now on... ♪
Did you just move in?
Hi. how are you?
Oh. Finally. you're here now.
You sure took your time.
Anyway. welcome.
This flower here is known as
the Devil's Trumpet.
That one there is called
the Angel's Trumpet
'cause it looks like
a horn facing the ground.
That one is the Devil's Trumpet
because it looks like
a horn playing into the sky.
Apparently. God thought
they were cocky for looking up.
Maybe that's the reason
why you can only smell them at nighttime.
You need to shatter these kinds of pots
before you can toss them.
My dear Yeon-jin...
TO YEON-JIN
Do you remember
that I used to hate the summer?
Thankfully. I moved away
before it got even hotter.
I've been organizing these photos.
but it's taking so long
because of all these friendly faces.
WEATHERCASTER PARK YEON-JIN
And every time I start going through them.
I picture you opening that door.
Wow.
What are you doing?
That's Jae-jun... Sa-ra... Photos of everyone...
So then.
who are you?
It's me. Yeon-jin. Me.
You really haven't changed at all. huh?
You still have no manners. do you?
You should take your shoes off
when you enter somebody's home.
Now. I have
yet another reason to kill you.
You should at least recognize who I am.
Kill me? You think you could kill me?
Yeah. I know so.
I know I'm going to do my best
to try and kill you.
So go and get ready. Yeon-jin.
I'm already here for you.
Ah.
Do you want to hear the whole story
and how... I got here?
CHIEF SHIN YEONG-JUN
Since an official report has been filed.
we'll have to follow procedure
and call their guardians.
But don't worry.
I'll make sure she gets off easy.
SUMMER OF 2004
I'll call you later.
Park Yeon-jin...
- Yeah?
- Why were you bullying your friend?
I don't want you here for that again.
- Your mother's been told. Get going.
- But she's not my friend.
By the way. sir.
what's going on between you and my mother?
We're friends from childhood.
Oh. you're like Son Myeong-o?
So that's why you've been
so helpful with her divorce.
You're the one who proved
my dad was having an affair.
I was wrong.
I was thinking you slept with her.
Get up!
All the deliveries are
gonna be backed up. Go!
Come on. I told you not to come. asshole.
All you two need to do is
just hug and say sorry.
Come on. Sa-ra. Let's go.
...mentioned a car?
How can I help you. sir?
I'm acting as her legal guardian.
I'm her teacher.
Hey.
What the hell are you doing
at the police station?
You thought it was a good idea to call
the police over some small prank?
The vice principal found out...
We'll talk later. Come on. Let's go.
Sir. help me too.
I'm an orphan this week
'cause my parents are abroad... golfing.
Really?
You should have called me
as soon as you could.
I'll take him. too.
Oh. yeah. Sure.
I was wondering.
why are you still here?
Wait. Who's making your meals?
- Our housekeeper.
- Oh. of course.
Didn't I say today was important?
I am so disappointed by what you did.
- I didn't know I'd get in trouble.
- And that's why I'm disappointed.
You couldn't handle someone so low.
Didn't I say
that you can only hang out with Jae-jun?
If you're bored. Sa-ra too.
Did you forget?
The shaman said you'd get bad luck
from people with Os in their name.
Son Myeong-o. Choi Hye-jeong.
I'm talking about those kids now!
Inside. We're running late.
MOON DONG-EUN
SUNGHAN HIGH SCHOOL
Dong-eun's here!
The one that you get to see every day.
Welcome!
I wanted to apologize
for bullying you.
I'm sorry. We even now?
There was no need to call the cops on us.
was there? We got scared.
Speaking of which. Dong-eun...
from this moment on.
you'll check if my iron is hot enough.
Please don't! No!
They'll arrest you! Let go! Stop!
Hey. now. what's the crime
in asking for a little favor?
You're making us feel weird.
Come on. check if it's hot or not.
Come on.
Is it hot enough?
Seems to be good.
Try it now.
Somebody help me!
Somebody please come and save me!
You're just wasting your time.
Scream as loud as you can. No one'll come.
Nobody will save you.
The gym teacher even gave us the key!
GYM
Why are you doing this?
Why are you doing this to me? Please!
I'm so sick of that.
Why do you people always ask that?
I do it because nothing
will ever happen to me.
and nothing will change no matter what.
Take now. for example.
You raised such a fuss with the police.
but look where you are right now.
Did anything change?
What I'm trying to say is that
no one's going to save you.
Not the cops. not the school.
not even your parents.
Know what they call a person like that?
They're called a loser.
Did I hear you really live at a motel?
I thought that you never
really had a home. no?
It's like something out of a fairy tale.
Guess you're living
in a fairy-tale. Dong-eun.
Wow. I guess that makes her
my fairy godmother. then.
Since she helped me check my iron.
Didn't she?
Please. no!
Let go!
- No!
- Shut her up. will you Myeong-o?
No!
Hey. try and use your inside voice. okay?
Hydrogen peroxide?
I spilled something on my shirt.
If I can have some. I'll clean it up.
What'd you get on your shirt?
So you're... bleeding?
Just let me have some hydrogen peroxide.
How did this happen? Who did this to you?
Did you tell your homeroom teacher?
I've seen something like this before.
If you can't do it alone. I'll go with you
and tell your teacher. Okay?
Who did it?
Oh. hey. Mom.
Can I call you back soon?
I did.
Last time was me as well.
Did you know. Yeon-jin...
that your daughter likes
to look at the world upside-down?
Maybe people can still understand
because in some way.
the whole world is always upside-down.
Those look like
the same shoes my mom wears.
So. you're her.
Park Yeon-jin's daughter. Ha Ye-sol.
Do you know who my mom is?
I think about your mom every single day.
There's a type of hatred
that's similar to longing.
It's impossible to stop.
Don't know hatred.
What's it mean?
You wanna know what hatred is?
That's so fucking funny.
Huh.
Hey.
Leaving?
Her eyes would darken
when she was having fun.
What took you so long?
I really missed you.
Her lips curled up
when she smiled.
All that dark. beautiful hair.
If you put that together.
that's what hatred looks like.
No fucking way!
She took her shoes off.
Oh. we're so shitty. Shame on us.
Move over.
Hey!
This your piggy bank?
I found this in your rice cooker.
- I just couldn't believe it.
- Give it to me.
Oh. no.
Are you mad at me?
Nice catch. huh?
Wow. There's a ton in here.
Ooh. that's it? So sad.
Dong-eun. you have such a terrible life.
What's that crazy bitch on now?
Pan Cold or glue?
No!
Stop! No! No!
She's got so much dough!
This is like 200.000 won.
Guess she's paying for all this?
You guys all have money!
You guys don't need any of mine!
Please. I'm begging you. Give it back.
Hmm. Seems like
you've learned to behave. Dong-eun.
Fine.
I'll give it back.
But you'll need to dance for us
while we drink.
Then I won't touch any of it. Sound good?
- What?
- Go and dance for us.
How are we supposed to have fun
if no one's dancing?
Don't you want it?
Well. if you won't do that.
there's another way to get it.
I found this in your house.
You seem like a bit of a mess right now.
And if you act like
you're better than this.
you're going to have
a really. really big mess. Huh?
So dance for me.
Have some fun.
It's fine if you don't want to.
Hey. I've never noticed. but Dong-eun...
your legs are pretty.
I'll pick out the first song!
I have a ton that are so fucking good.
HEALTH OFFICE
TEMPORARILY CLOSED
DUE TO RESIGNATION OF THE SCHOOL NURSE
For real? When though?
I'll call you back later.
Hey... Dong-eun dropped out.
And she listed us
as the reason for her transfer.
She gave it to the vice principal.
and now he's chewing out
our homeroom teacher.
Not the gym teacher?
She list us in order?
I wonder where my name is on that list.
Are you stupid or something?
Hey! Jae-jun! Yeon-jin!
Get over here!
You stupid fucking bitch!
You should've just quietly dropped out.
So you're innocent?
You didn't do anything wrong?
Only someone this messed up
would push it this far!
Come back and correct your reason.
right now!
DROPOUT FORM
If the principal finds out.
it might affect
your performance review. Mr. Kim.
I know that. Jesus.
Okay?
What's this about?
What kind of reason are you putting?
It's in-school violence.
By Park Yeon-jin. Lee Sa-ra.
Choi Hye-jeong. and Son Myeong-o.
And you just stood there.
watching it happen.
You shut that lying mouth of yours.
Did they break an or a leg?
You're walking around fine
with nothing broken.
So what bullying is it?
What did I do wrong. huh?
At this point. you're delusional.
Once in a while.
friends hit each other too. no?
Why...
are you okay with that?
What?
You were so proud
that your son got into university.
Would it be fine if your son's friends
hit him as hard as they could?
I've been trying to go easy on you.
But now you're asking for it.
I can't believe you.
What'd you say
about...
my son?
Say it again! What?
- Say it!
- Stop! That's enough.
Say it.
- What'd you say? Get up! Say it again!
- Mr. Kim! Mr. Kim!
- I dare you.
- It's not worth it.
Come on! Get up!
I dare you to say it again.
- Say it! Come on!
- Mr. Kim!
NEW WORLD HAIR SALON
NO PARKING
Ms. Jeong. phone's ringing.
Yeah. coming!
- Oh. hey! Watch it.
- What's wrong?
Just wait a sec.
Hi. who is this?
Yeah.
I'm her mom. Yeah.
Who is this?
Go ahead. open it. It's quite all right.
Oh my God. oh my God. oh my God.
CASHIER'S CHECK
And all I need is the father's signature.
Ah. technically. I'm not.
But I... I'm sort of like her father...
Then... you can sign it.
- Ah.
- Yeah.
SETTLEMENT LETTER
As you know.
certain things need to be on file.
I don't... have a signature.
Can I just write my name?
Of course. you can.
VICTIM: JEONG MI-HEE
Just write your name there.
and then write one more thing for us.
- Write what?
- It's just... It's real short.
"Maladjustment."
LONG-TERM STAY AVAILABLE
Honey. forget something?
You... didn't know she left?
Your mother checked out of here
this morning.
Oh. Jesus Christ. Your school uniform.
I'm sure she'll call you.
She's your mother.
My god...
SPACE GROUP OF KOREA BUILDING
SOCIETY AND SPACE
REASON FOR DROPPING OUT
MALADJUSTMENT
GUARDIAN JEONG MI-HEE
PRINCIPAL OF SUNGHAN HIGH SCHOOL
KIMBAP PARADISE
KEEP WATER CLEAN
WHEN YOU ENTER THE POOL
My scars were itching.
and I was in so much pain
from my period cramps.
So I thought.
"The pharmacy opens at 9:00 a.m..
and the Han River is
just 20 minutes away."
"The water will be freezing.
but then it'll pass."
"My scars won't itch anymore."
"What more can I want?"
"This is the right thing to do."
Is Dong-eun pretty?
I mean. what do you think?
From a guy's view point?
I don't know.
Don't play dumb.
I mean. her face isn't
the only thing that's pretty.
Maybe you should've just
kept your mouth shut.
Ugh. Get off me.
Where are you going?
Getting more drinks?
Hye-jeong'll do it.
She would've asked me already.
I've gotta go to an early service.
Ugh. my dad threatened
to destroy my studio if I didn't show up.
He wanted me to bring you guys.
since it's for college exams.
but I said no.
Hey. wanna make sure I'm never invited?
Got any white shirts?
Amen!
Jesus Christ once said.
"If someone slaps your right cheek.
you should let them
slap the left one. too."
Amen!
And if someone takes your shirt.
you should give them your jacket as well.
Amen!
And if someone
makes you walk five kilometers.
then you go walk ten kilometers.
Amen! Amen!
- We believe in Jesus Christ.
- Amen! Amen!
Sa-ra's dad's voice cracked.
It was so funny.
You should've seen him.
Maybe he was just shocked
by your small titties. you know?
- Get me chocolate milk.
- Huh?
Sure.
- Anyone else?
- Hye-jeong!
I told you. I'm fasting.
Shit.
Hey. Gyeong-ran.
You gonna keep crying all night long?
Stop. Stop crying. you whore.
Fuck. you're so goddamn loud.
Shh. Gyeong-ran.
If you scream again...
Huh?
Dong-eun?
Is she crazy? She came here on her own?
Wow. Dong-eun...
I've really missed you.
You dropped out without saying goodbye.
Your dream that you wrote.
on your Cyworld.
A wise mother and a wife.
That's really your dream?
Seriously? Did you really write that?
You shit. Why are you
bringing this up out of nowhere?
Sa-ra wants to paint.
Jae-jun wants to inherit the golf course.
Hye-jeong wants to be a stewardess.
And you want to be a wise mother and wife?
Hey. what the fuck?
Forget me? Huh?
I have a dream. too.
I'm going to be filthy rich.
A dream? No. I don't need that.
Having a dream is
just for people like... like you.
or him. or her.
With my money. I can pay you
to make my dream job come true.
I don't need a dream. I need nothing.
Maybe a job that's not too shabby.
Um. I'll just get married
while I'm still young and pretty.
I'll pick a nice guy to marry.
Maybe have a kid or two.
A happily ever after of my own.
There isn't a word
to describe all that. is there?
Uh. yeah. there is.
Dumb!
Shut the fuck up. Sa-ra.
Scary.
Tell me.
What's your dream then?
It's you.
You are what I dream about.
I hope
we'll meet again. Yeon-jin.
SUMMER OF 2006
Knock it off with that. Put it away.
Hey! Go easy on her!
Don't you see all the cigarette burns
on her arms and legs?
Just get to work.
GED EXAM RESULTS
MOON DONG-EUN
YOU HAVE PASSED THE GED EXAM
FALL OF 2006
SCHOLASTIC ABILITY TEST WORKBOOK
FALL OF 2007
FALL OF 2008
Excuse me. Miss...
I'm sorry. but I don't mean to bother you.
Um... I'm twenty years old.
and my name is Gu Seong-hui.
I heard you were leaving the factory
at the end of the month. miss.
So I wanted to have
a talk with you. maybe.
at least before you leave for good.
I'm glad you did. Also. thanks.
What for?
Tip-toeing in.
Oh. you noticed that...
Anyway. congrats to you!
I heard you got accepted into college.
You must be so happy!
In college. you can meet new people.
get a boyfriend...
I can't do that.
I'm there because I really need
to go somewhere.
Oh. Where are you going. then?
Samsung?
Hyundai?
I wasn't kidding. Yeon-jin.
Ever since that day.
you've been my only dream.
SUNGWU TEXTILE
SPRING OF 2009
What's the strongest coffee you have?
And iced. please. I'm exhausted.
How's an iced Americano
with an extra shot sound?
Uh. sure. Can I get one?
You can pick it up at the next counter.
Next customer. please.
One black and a mocha latte.
For the latte. a ton of whipped cream
and extra chocolate drizzle.
We'll pay separately. but can you stamp
for both of these on my punch card?
I knew you'd do that.
That's why I didn't bring my wallet.
Pick up your drinks
at the counter. Who's next?
Please step forward.
I'm saving up.
Every little bit helps.
So. then your punch card'll
turn into diamonds?
- How's a punch card gonna make me rich?
- Come on. share the wealth.
You always do this. Make me pay for you.
- Why can't you pay for your own?
- Sorry...
At least
you're one more stamp to becoming rich.
The punch card can't help me do that.
- How would they even do that?
- Hey. come on.
WELCOME. FRESHMEN OF 2009!
EUICHEON UNIVERSITY OF EDUCATION
I think about it
every day. Yeon-jin.
Where would I see you again?
I'm guessing that you have it all.
There's probably nothing
that you're scared of.
So where should we meet
where you'll fear me.
even for just a second?
There is only one place
that I can think of.
In that gym where we were together.
Sixty square meters to share.
HA YE-SOL
Wow. just like a fairy tale.
And now.
I'll use your precious hair iron
against you.
The one who is so soft.
with such fair skin.
My story's like a fairy tale?
Yeah. But since my mommy's
not the hero. I don't like it.
What makes you think that?
Because my mommy has lots of money.
Main characters are
supposed to have nothing at all.
No. that's not true.
In this story.
your mother is the main character.
That's because this story isn't
a fairy tale.
Fog is denser
when the visibility range is
less than a kilometer.
The fog warning issues yesterday
is still in effect today.
Did you know that fog can even
potentially pose a risk for planes
even greater than a typhoon or lightning?
If you love thy neighbor
like you love thy self...
Although the accidents are
more likely to occur on sunny days.
the fatality rate is
the highest on foggy days.
That's why it's important
to be careful of the fog.
Park Yeon-jin signing out.
FOG WARNING
An eye for an eye.
a tooth for a tooth.
A scar for a scar.
The one who injured
shall suffer the same injury.
Well. maybe not.
Then I would be playing too fair.
don't you think?